Scene:

JERRY: Seems to me, that button is in the worst possible spot.  The second button literally makes or breaks the shirt, look at it: it's too high! It's in no-man's-land, you look like you live with your mother.

GEORGE: Are you through?

JERRY: You do of course try on, when you buy?

GEORGE: Yes, it was purple, I liked it, I don't actually recall considering the buttons.

JERRY: Oh, you don't recall?

GEORGE: Uh, no, not at this time.

JERRY: Well, senator, I just like to know, what you knew and when you knew it.

WAITRESS: Mister Seinfeld. Mister Costanza.

GEORGE: Are, are you sure this is decaf? Where's the orange indicator?

WAITRESS: It's missing, I have to do it in my head: decaf left, regular right, decaf left, regular right...it's very challenging work.

JERRY: Can you relax, it's a cup of coffee, Claire is a professional waitress.

WAITRESS: Trust me George: no one has any interest in seeing you on caffeine. [she pours the coffee and walks away]

GEORGE: How come you're not doin' the second show tomorrow?

JERRY: Well, there's this uh, woman might be comin' in.

GEORGE: Wait a second, wait a second, what coming in, what woman is coming in?

JERRY: I told you about Laura, the girl I met in Michigan?

GEORGE: No, you didn't!

JERRY: I thought I told you about it, yes, she teaches political science? I met her the night I did the show in Lansing...[looks in the milk can] There's no milk in here, what...

GEORGE: Wait wait wait, what is she, [takes the milk can from Jerry and puts it on the table] what is she like?

JERRY: Oh, she's really great. I mean, she's got like a real warmth about her and she's really bright and really pretty and uh...the conversation though, I mean, it was...talking with her is like talking with you, but, ya know, obviously much better.

GEORGE: [with a big smile] So, ya know, what, what happened?

JERRY: Oh, nothing happened, ya know, but is was great.

GEORGE: Oh, nothing happened, but it was...

JERRY: Yeah.

GEORGE: This is great!

JERRY: Yeah.

GEORGE: So, ya know, she calls and says she wants to go out with you tomorrow night? God bless! Devil you!

JERRY: Yeah, well...not exactly. I mean, she said, you know, she called this morning and said she had to come in for a seminar and maybe we'll get together.

GEORGE: [whistles disapproving] Ho ho ho, "Had to"? "Had to come in"?

JERRY: Yeah, but...

GEORGE: "Had to come in" and "maybe we'll get together"? "Had to" and "Maybe"?

JERRY: Yeah!

GEORGE: No...no...no, I hate to tell you this: you're not gonna see this woman.

JERRY: [indignant] What, are you serious...why, why did she call?

GEORGE: How do I know, maybe, ya know, maybe she wanted to be polite.

JERRY: To be polite? You are insane!

GEORGE: All right, all right, I didn't want to tell you this, you wanna know why she called you?

JERRY: Yes!

GEORGE: You're a back-up, you're a second-line, a just-in-case, a B-plan of contingency!

JERRY: Oh, I get it, this is about the button.

GEORGE: [The waitress(Claire) passes the table; George stops her and writes something on his note-block] Claire, Claire, you're a woman, right?

CLAIRE: What gave it away, George?

GEORGE: Uhm...I'd like to ask you...ask you to analyze a hypothetical phone call, ya know, from a female point of view.

JERRY: [to George] Oh, come on now, what are you asking her? Now, how is she gonna know?

GEORGE: [to Claire] Now, a woman calls me, all right? She says she has to [makes some gestures to accent "has to"] come to New York on business...

JERRY: Oh you are beautiful! [ironically]

GEORGE: and, and maybe [again some gestures] she'll see me when she gets there, does this woman intend to spend time with me?

CLAIRE: I'd have to say: uuhh, no. [George shows his note-block to Jerry, it says very largely: NO]

GEORGE: [to Claire] So why did she call?

CLAIRE: To be polite.

GEORGE: To be polite, I rest my case.

JERRY: Good. Did you have fun? You have no idea, what you're talking about, now, come on, come with me [stands up], I, I gotta go get my stuff out of the dryer anyway.

GEORGE: I'm not gonna watch you do laundry.

JERRY: Oh, come on, be a "come-with-guy".

GEORGE: Come on, I'm tired.

CLAIRE: [to Jerry] Don't worry, I gave him a little caffeine: he'll perk up.

GEORGE: [takes off his glasses and rubs his eyes; panics] Right, I knew I felt something...! [Jerry is laughing, Claire walks away with a smile]

[Scene: Laundry. Jerry and George are there; George is staring at one of the dryers]

GEORGE: Jerry? I have to tell ya somethin':...this is the dullest moment I've ever experienced. [walks away from the dryer; a man passes George and Jerry]

JERRY: Well, look at this guy! Look, he's got everything, he's got: detergents, sprays, fabric softeners; this is not his first load.

GEORGE: I need a break, Jerry, ya know, I gotta get out of the city, I feel so cramped...

JERRY: And you didn't even hear how she sounded.

GEORGE: What?!

JERRY: Laura.

GEORGE: I can't believe: [falls on his knees] WE ALREADY DISCUSSED THIS!

JERRY: Yeah, but how could you be so sure?

GEORGE: [gets up] 'Cause it's signals, Jerry [starts snapping his fingers], it's signals! Don't you....all right. Did she even ask you, what you were doin' tomorrow night, if you were busy?

JERRY: No.

GEORGE: She calls you today and she doesn't make a plan for tomorrow? What is that? It's Saturday night!

JERRY: Yeah.

GEORGE: What is that? It's ridiculous! [Jerry bobs agreeingly] You don't even know, what hotel she's staying at, you can't call her. That's a signal, Jerry, that's a signal! [snaps his fingers again] Signal!

JERRY: Maybe you're right.

GEORGE: Maybe I'm right? Of course I'm right.

JERRY: This is insane. You know, I don't even know where she's staying! She, she's not gonna call me, this is unbelievable.

GEORGE: [puts an arm around Jerry and whispers] I know, I know. [normal voice] Listen, your stuff has to be done by know, why don't you just see if it's dried?

JERRY: No no no, don't interrupt the cycle. The machine is working, it, it knows what it's doing, just let it finish.

GEORGE: You're gonna "over-dry" it.

JERRY: You, you can't "over-dry".

GEORGE: Why not?

JERRY: Same as you can't "over-wet". [George looks puzzled] You see, once something is wet, it's wet. Same thing with dead: like once you die you're dead, right? Let's say you drop dead and I shoot you: you're not gonna die again, you're already dead. You can't "over-die", you can't "over-dry".

GEORGE: [looks at the other persons in the laundry and says to them pointing to Jerry] Any questions?

JERRY: How could she not tell me where she was staying? [George stands by the dryer again and secretly opens it: the dryer stops working and George closes the lid]

GEORGE: [points to the dryer] Look at that: they're done! It's a miracle! [Jerry looks surprised]

[Scene: Jerry's apartment. Jerry is watching TV]

JERRY: [The phone rings. He picks it up and says:] If you know what happened in the Mets-game, don't say anything, I taped it, hello... Yeah, no, I'm sorry, you have the wrong number...Yeah, no [somebody knocks at the door] Yeah? [to the door, while still at the phone]

KRAMER: [enters] Are you up?

JERRY: [To Kramer] Yeah...[in the phone] Yeah, people do move! Have you ever seen the big trucks out on the street? Yeah, no problem [hangs up the phone].

KRAMER: Boy, the Mets blew it tonight, huh?

JERRY: [upset] Ooohhh, what are you doing? Kramer, it's a tape! [actually I can't understand the name; maybe "Kramer" wasn't named "Kramer" in the pilot!] I taped the game, it's one o'clock in the morning! I avoided human contact all night to watch this.

KRAMER: Hey, I'm sorry, I...ya know, I, I thought you knew...You got any meat?

JERRY: Meat? I don't, I don't know, go...hunt! Well what, what happened in the game anyway?

KRAMER: What happened? Well, they STUNK, that's what happened! Ya know, I almost wound up going to that game.

JERRY: Yeah you almost went to the game. You haven't been out of the building in ten years!

KRAMER: Yeah. Are you done with this?

JERRY: No.

KRAMER: When you're done, let me know.

JERRY: Yeah, yeah...you can have it tomorrow.

KRAMER: I thought I wasn't allowed to be in here this weekend.

JERRY: No, it's OK now, that, that girl is not comin' uh, I, I misread the whole thing.

KRAMER: You want me to talk to her?

JERRY: I don't think so.

KRAMER: Oh, I can be very persuasive. Do you know that I was almost... a lawyer. [shows with his fingers how close it was]

JERRY: That close, huh?

KRAMER: You better believe it. [The phone rings. Jerry picks it up]

JERRY: Hello...Oh, hi, Laura.

KRAMER: Give me it...let me talk to her [continues this way].

JERRY: [No believe me, I'm always up at this hour. How are you?...great...sure...What time does the plane get in?...I got my friend George to take me...[Kramer suddenly notices something in the Mets-game on TV]...

KRAMER: A SLIDE!...Wow!

JERRY: ...No, it's, it's just my neighbour...uhm...yeah, I got it ten-fifteen...No, don't be silly, go ahead and ask...Yeah, sure...OK, great, no no, it's no trouble at all...I'll see you tomorrow...great, bye. I, I don't believe it...That, that was her. She wants to stay here!

[Scene: Jerry's apartment. Jerry and George enter, lifting a heavy mattress]

JERRY: If my father was moving this he'd had to have a cigarette in his mouth the whole way. [talks from now on like he has a cigarette in his mouth] Have you got your end?...Your end's got to come down first, easy now, drop it down...drop it down, your end's got to come down.

GEORGE: Ya know, I can't believe you're bringin' in an extra bed for woman, that wants to sleep with you. Why don't you bring in an extra guy too?

JERRY: Look, it's a very awkward situation, I, I don't wanna be presumptuous.

GEORGE: All right, all right, one more time, one more time! What was the EXACT phrasing of the request?

JERRY: All right, she said she couldn't find a decent hotel- room...

GEORGE: A decent hotel-room...

JERRY: Yeah, a decent hotel-room, would it be terribly inconvenient if she stayed at my place.

GEORGE: You can't be serious. This is New York city: there must be eleven million decent hotel-rooms! Whatta ya need? A flag? This is the signal, Jerry, this is the signal!

JERRY: This is the signal. Thank you, mister Signal, where were you yesterday?

GEORGE: I think I was affected by the caffeine. HO, HO, HO, GOOD DOG

KRAMER: He really likes you, George.

GEORGE: Well, that's flattering.

KRAMER: Oh, he's getting' a drink of water. Is this for that girl?

JERRY: Yeah.

KRAMER: Why even give her an option?

JERRY: This is a person I like, it's not: "How to score on spring break".

GEORGE: Right, can we go? 'Cause I'm double-parked, I'm gonna get a ticket.

JERRY: Yeah, OK. Oh, wait a second. Oh, I, I forgot to clean the bathroom.

GEORGE: So what? That's good.

JERRY: Now, how could that be good?

GEORGE: Because filth is good...Whatta you think: rock stars have sponges and ammonia lyin' around the bathroom? They, they have a woman comin' over: "I've gotta tidy up? Yeah right, in these matters you never do what your instincts tell you. Always, ALWAYS do the opposite.

JERRY: This is how you operate?

GEORGE: Yeah, I wish.

JERRY: Let me just wipe the sink.

KRAMER: WHY EVEN GIVE HER AN OPTION FOR? It's unbelievable.

GEORGE: Yeah.

KRAMER: ...How's the real estate-business?

GEORGE:...It's uh, not bad, it's comin' along...Why? Did you need something.

KRAMER: Do you handle any of that commercial...real estate?

GEORGE: Well, I might be getting in to that.

KRAMER: You keep me posted!

GEORGE: I'm aware of you, all right, let's go, let's go! You're on stage in 25 minutes.

[Scene: Airport. Jerry and George are waiting for Laura]

JERRY: Wouldn't it be great if you could ask a woman what she's thinking?

GEORGE: What a world that would be, if you just could ask a woman what she's thinkin'.

JERRY: Ya know, instead, I'm like a detective: I've gotta pick up clues, the whole thing is a murder investigation.

GEORGE: Listen, listen, don't get worked up, 'cause you're gonna know the whole story the minute she steps off the plane.

JERRY: Really? How?

GEORGE: 'Cause it's all in the greeting.

JERRY: Uh-huh.

GEORGE: All right, if she puts the bags down before she greets you, that's a good sign.

JERRY: Right.

GEORGE: Ya know, anything in the, in the "lip-area" is good.

JERRY: "Lip-area".

GEORGE: Ya know a hug: definitely good.

JERRY: Hug is definitely good.

GEORGE: Sure.

JERRY: Although what if it's one of those hugs where the shoulders are touching, the hips are eight feet apart?

GEORGE: That's so brutal, I hate that.

JERRY: Ya know how they do that?

GEORGE: That's why, ya know, a shake is bad.

JERRY: Shake is bad, but what if it's the "two-hander"? The hand on the bottom, the hand on the top, the warm look in the eyes?

GEORGE: Hand-sandwich.

JERRY: Right.

GEORGE: I see, well, that's open to interpretation. Because so much depends on the layering and the quality of the wetness in the eyes...

LAURA: Guess who?

JERRY: Hey, hey.

LAURAandJERRY: Heeey!

JERRY: It's good to see you.

LAURA: Hi.

JERRY: This is my friend George.

LAURA: [shakes George's hand] Hi, how nice to meet you.

GEORGE: Hi, how are you?

JERRY: This is Laura.

GEORGE: Laura, sure.

JERRY: I can't believe you're here.

GEORGEandJERRY: Ooh yeah, the bags, sure.

LAURA: Oh, thank you.

JERRY: Now that was an interesting greeting, did you notice that, George?

GEORGE: Yes, the "surprise-blindfold-greeting". That wasn't in the manual, I don't know.

[Scene: Jerry's apartment. Jerry shows Laura the apartment]

JERRY: So uh, what do ya think?

LAURA: Ooohhh, wow! This place isn't so bad.

JERRY: Yeah, it kind a motivates me to work on the road...So uh, make yourself at home. So uh, can I get you anything? Uuhhh, bread, water...salad-dressing?

LAURA: Actually uhm, do you have any wine?

JERRY; Uh, yeah, I think I do.

LAURA: Oh, do, do you mind if I turn this down?

JERRY: Uh, no, yeah, go right ahead.

LAURA: Uh, Jerry, uh, I was wandering: would it be possible, and if it's not, fine, for me to stay here tomorrow night too?

JERRY: Uh, yeah, yeah, sure, why don't you stay? Yeah, uhm...What is your, what is your schedule for tomorrow? Are you, are you doin' anything?

LAURA: No, I'd love to do something, uh, I have my seminar in the morning, then after that I'm right open.

JERRY: Really? What would you like to do?

LAURA: Well...now I know this sounds touristy, but I'd just love to go on one of those five-hour-boat-rides around Manhattan.

JERRY: Yeah, we could do that...why not, why not. [pours the wine] I'm just, I'm really glad you're here. [the phone rings; he picks it up] Yeah, hello...yes...yes, she is, hold on. [to Laura] Uhm, it's for you.

LAURA: Hello?...Hi!...no no it was great, right on time...no, I, I'm gonna stay here tomorrow...yes, yes it's fine..no, we're goin' on a boat-ride...don't be silly...I'm not gonna have this conversation...look I, I'll call you tomorrow...OK, bye. Never get engaged.

JERRY: You're engaged?

LAURA: You, you really have no idea what its like until you actually do it and I'm on this emotional roller coaster.

JERRY: You're engaged?

LAURA: Ya know, I can't believe it myself sometimes. You have to start thinking in terms of "we", uh, its a very stressful situation.

JERRY: You're engaged!

LAURA: Yeah...yeah, he's a great guy...

JERRY: Yeah.

LAURA: You'd really like him...ya know, I can't wait to get on that boat.

JERRY: Me too!


